Add minetest.get_objects_in_area (#10668)
minetest/minetest: doc/lua_api.txt

* `minetest.get_objects_inside_radius(pos, radius)`: returns a list of
  ObjectRefs.
    * `radius`: using an euclidean metric
* `minetest.get_objects_in_area(pos1, pos2)`: returns a list of
  ObjectRefs.

>      * `pos1` and `pos2` are the min and max positions of the area to search.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
     * `pos1` and `pos2` are the corner positions of the volume to search.
```

Author: `* `minetest.find_nodes_in_area(pos1, pos2, nodenames, [grouped])`
    * `pos1` and `pos2` are the min and max positions of the area to search.`

Author: I just copied the description of `find_nodes_in_area`.
